c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.exe
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.pdb
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.Form1.resources
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.exe
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.pdb
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\pl\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jczap\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DxGridLookupExample\DxGridLookupExample\obj\Debug\DxGridLookupExample.exe.licenses
